----------------------------------

           win-get
      
 An automated software installer 
        for Windows.

----------------------------------


--------------------
   Introduction
--------------------

Win-get can automatically install applications for you! Simply go to the
command-line, type:

    win-get install firefox
    
And win-get will automatically download the installer for you and run it.  It
can even install applications silently, so you don't even have to click through
the usual installer screens and you can just go do something else.

This makes win-get also very appropriate for scripting unattended computer
installs. Win-get offers ways to override the default software catalog, so it
can also work in a controlled corporate network.


--------------------
    History
--------------------

Win-get is loosely based on the apt-get package manager for Debian Linux[1]. Of
course, win-get does not do real package management (yet), but it does offer a
very convenient way to install new software.

Win-get is similar to another Sourceforge project called 'windows-get'[2].
Unfortunately, the windows-get project is no longer maintained, and due to lack
of an alternative, I started the 'win-get' project as a replacement.


--------------------
    Installation
--------------------

To install win-get, simply put win-get.exe somewhere on your path. Your WINDOWS
directory will do fine. Win-get will store some of its data in your user
profile.


--------------------
    Operation
--------------------

Win-get has a local database of available applications. It can periodically
download updates of this database from a website. To do this, type 'win-get
update'. Win-get can search multiple software catalogs from different websites,
although currently only one default catalog is supported (the one from the
win-get website).

To add a new catalog, type `win-get update http://url.of/catalog'.

After the catalog has been downloaded, you can install applications with

    win-get install application

Or even install them silently by using `sinstall'. Not all applications can be
installed silently though. If silent installation is not available, a normal
installation will be done instead.

Win-get can also extract and execute installers inside ZIP files. If the
download is a ZIP file but it does not contain an installer, the ZIP file will
be extracted to your desktop instead.

If you want to search the win-get software catalog, you can do so by
entering:

    win-get search words to search for

A list of all matching applications will be shown. To get more info on a given
application, type `win-get show application-name'.


--------------------
    Footnotes
--------------------

    [1] http://www.debian.org/

    [2] http://windows-get.sourceforge.net/
